welcome to another scintillating edition
of the triple threat RC video series
well good day everyone today we're going
to take a look at what comes inside the
box when you order a 3d hobby shop 71
inch AJ slick I can't wait to get this
little puppy out of the box and onto the
bed get it together and get it out to
the field
the 71 inch slick has always been a
favorite of mine and I can't wait to
give it a try so without further ado
let's bust open its box and here I think
well everything seems to have arrived in
one piece and that's a good thing so it
looks like we're good to go now let's
take a look at the components that with
any okay okay so here's just the small
pile of goodies that are going to be
used to build this or assemble I should
say this art it's a 71 inch AJ slick
from 3d hobby shop so we'll just go
through a little a few of these
components so over here we've got a
couple of 19 by 10 props and a PC and as
or wooden prop and here we've got our
motor this hopefully will be the right
choice I think it's gonna work just fine
it's an 850 16 L from hacker I'm gonna
be running an 8 s system in the plane
and I'm looking forward to to getting
this little darling Amir we've got a
spectrum 7010 receiver we've got a
council VEC Pro BEC I'm going to be
running a separate receiver
pack through the VEC to control a
receiver and servos and motors gonna be
on its own on the flight batteries just
for a little redundancy here we've got
the stuff whack of little servo
extensions of course here's a 76
millimeter white spinner that's gonna go
on the plane I find it kind of ironic
that I had to go to a competitor to get
a spinner because 3d hobby shop doesn't
offer them but whatever the case this is
a nice little spinner so we've got a
castle ice 100 ESC going in the plane
where we got down here
okay over here this is just a little arm
safe arming kit from Schumacher products
I just saw and model airplane used
magazine and I thought I'd give it a try
this plane would be probably a pretty
good place to give it a spin and I've
got four HS 79 85 metal gear correlation
digital servos going in the plane I
think they're probably of reasonable
quality and should be well up to the
task and here I picked up off Amazon
actually at a smoking deal a couple of
Thunder Power Pro Lite receiver packs
that I'll be running through the B EC to
the receiver and just again for the
redundancy factor so pretty happy about
a major score I got in there if you can
believe it they were 12 bucks each so
when you look at the list price that was
a smoking deal I think they were
supplied by dragonfly so you might want
to check out amazon.com if you're in the
market for a receiver packs and that's
pretty much it so again looking forward
to getting this build underway and
getting this little darling in the air
so we'll talk to you later bye well
before I pack all this stuff up and get
it over to the workbench I just there
was something else that I thought I
should probably bring up with you and
that is that if you're in the market for
a 3d hobby shop plane whether it's this
slick or or some of the other 3d hobby
shop planes you might want to give the
boys over at arrow model Inc a try and
the only reason I'm saying that is that
when I was looking around and shopping
for for price and availability I
stumbled upon their website and they
also happened to be that I think the US
hacker distributors so they've always
got a good supply of the hacker motors
but what they do is they offer package
deals and they can vary from just the
plane itself to the plane and motor and
the ESC the plane the motor the ESC and
servos are you know there's pretty much
a full meal deal there and there's quite
a menu of choices and the more you buy
the more you save basically because they
discount each of those packages
now I'm not beyond wanting to save a few
bucks so this looked pretty good to me
now the other issue of course was that I
didn't exactly like the package deals
the way they were laid out in terms of
the items included for instance I wanted
a castle ESC instead of a hack or ESC
and that's just strictly a personal
choice so I contacted the mic and
actually worked with Kyle over at barrel
models and there was no problem at all
they have a good inventory of all of the
most popular stuff and I was able to
make the substitutions from the package
deal that I wanted and still receive
received the same level of discount so
if you're you know if you're shopping
around you might want to give these guys
a chance and and see what they can do
for you I'll put a link to the website
in the detail area on the video ok so
that's just for what it's worth it's not
a commercial for them but all I know is
that when I dealt with these guys
everything went really well from the
communication to the purchase to the
shipping to everything that just worked
out fine and at the end of the day I
think I managed to save a few bucks so
it can't be all bad ok so that's it for
now
man that ball dude he taught way too
much anyway we'll be back here after we
get a chance to put this plane together
and I'll probably end up doing most of
the work and we'll do a little bit of a
bail review after that it's a maiden and
boy I can't wait for that we'll see it